Welcome!
In this month’s program,
we’ll meet a brother who overcame
a troubled and violent childhood
and found genuine love and peace
among Jehovah’s people.
We’ll learn how couples can make
good decisions and work together,
even when they don’t see eye to eye.
And our music video
will remind us of why it’s important
to stop and reflect on every precious minute
we have with our loved ones.
Welcome to this month’s edition
of JW Broadcasting.®
We know what the future holds.
Bible prophecy clearly indicates
that we are living in “the last days.”
We understand what events
will lead to Armageddon
and the arrival of God’s new world.
However, we do not know the exact events
that we’ll experience personally.
For example, you might wonder:
‘Will I experience a natural disaster?
‘And if so, what kind of disaster?
‘How will persecution affect me?
‘Will I end up in prison?
As I get older, who will care for me?’
Have you ever asked yourself
similar questions?
Has this uncertainty
made you anxious or fearful?
Such feelings can make it hard
to think clearly.
But these feelings can go away
when we realize that we are well-prepared.
For example,
do you remember the feature drama
from the 2023 convention,
“Commit Your Way to Jehovah”?
It illustrated how following
the organization’s direction
saved lives during times of political unrest.
But is there anything else we can do
to be fully equipped for tomorrow?
Absolutely.
In fact,
we are preparing ourselves every day.
Let’s review what we’re already doing
and why we really have no reason
to be fearful or anxious.
The apostle Peter wrote his letters
during times of trials and instability.
The brothers and sisters of the first century
knew they were living in the last days
of the Jewish system of things.
Based on Jesus’ warning,
they expected personal challenges.
However, they did not know
exactly when and how
these events would affect them.
It was impossible for them
to plan for every possibility.
And Peter, who was getting older,
may have wondered
how he and other elderly ones
would be cared for later in life.
He may have perceived
that aging and declining health
could create uncertainty and fear in some.
Doesn’t that sound a lot like the situation
we’re in today?
What did the apostle Peter
recommend in view of future uncertainties?
At 1 Peter 1:13, he said:
“So brace up your minds for activity;
“keep your senses completely;
“set your hope on the undeserved kindness
that will be brought to you
at the revelation of Jesus Christ.”
So did Peter tell the brothers and sisters
to stockpile money or supplies?
No!
He encouraged them to strengthen
their faith and trust in Jehovah.
There are no uncertainties for Jehovah.
He had promised to protect the Christians
in the first century,
and he would provide salvation.
In verse 13,
what are the three things Peter
encouraged Christians to do?
(1) “Brace up your minds for activity,”
(2) “keep your senses completely,”
and (3) “set your hope
on the undeserved kindness.”
Let’s look at each point and see
what helps us to be
fully equipped for tomorrow.
First, Peter tells us
to ‘brace up our minds for activity.’
“Brace up” means to be ready for activity.
What kind of activity?
Among other forms of activity,
notice what Peter wrote
a little later in his letter
at 1 Peter 2:9:
“‘You should declare abroad
the excellencies’ of the One
who called you out of darkness
into his wonderful light.”
In the first century,
Christians were active in telling others
the good news about Jesus Christ.
We do the same today.
We’re active in the ministry,
sharing the good news
that Jesus is King in heaven,
and we speak about the hope for all.
Now, how does sharing
in this activity prepare us
for the uncertainties of tomorrow?
Talking to others
about our hope for the future
strengthens our own conviction and faith.
This ministry keeps us focused,
and we see the positive changes
in those we teach.
Sharing in this activity
deepens our gratitude
for being part of Jehovah’s family.
Has this gratitude motivated you
to be active in the ministry?
Maybe your circumstances
even allow you to share in full-time service.
By being active,
you show Jehovah that his Kingdom
is the most important thing in your life.
And Jehovah promises
to care for those who put his Kingdom first.
You are in his protective hands;
there is no need to be anxious or fearful.
Therefore, being active in the ministry
is the first step toward
being prepared for tomorrow.
Next, the apostle Peter tells us
to ‘keep our senses completely.’
This means being balanced in our thinking.
Thus, we are able
to evaluate matters properly,
come to the right conclusions,
and make good decisions.
Isn’t this what we want?
How can we make good decisions,
especially when we face
unexpected events in our life?
Developing Christian qualities
helps us keep our senses.
For instance,
Peter mentions one important quality
at 2 Peter 2:9:
“So, then, Jehovah knows how to rescue people
of godly devotion out of trial.”
So, what quality can help us to keep
our senses completely
and make good decisions?
It’s godly devotion.
This means being loyal to Jehovah
and doing what he asks.
Is this not what we promised to do
when we dedicated our lives to him
and got baptized?
Yes, and since then,
we’ve made many decisions
to follow his directions,
which often come through his organization.
Some changes were easy;
others were hard,
especially when we did not fully understand
the direction or agree with it.
Can you think of a time when you made
a difficult change for Jehovah?
Did you later see how
following his direction led to good results?
Your love for Jehovah and your deep devotion
to him helped you to make wise decisions.
What’s the point?
Doing what Jehovah asks us today
not only brings good results now
but also prepares us for tomorrow.
It ensures that when
we’re faced with a critical situation,
we will naturally follow
Jehovah’s directions.
Isn’t this the best way
to prepare for the future?
For example,
you may remember Sister Margaret Wyrick,
who had to flee from wildfires.
She learned from Jehovah’s organization
how important it is to obey
those directing traffic.
Although she wanted to drive a different way,
she followed directions and was safe.
Her godly devotion was evident.
It’s what prepared her for the future
and ultimately saved her life.
So Peter said we must ‘keep our senses.’
How?
By cultivating qualities like godly devotion.
This allows us to make good decisions
and experience Jehovah’s care.
What was the third point
that Peter mentioned at 1 Peter 1:13?
He tells us to ‘set our hope
on the undeserved kindness.’
What was Peter trying to say?
How can these two elements,
hope and undeserved kindness,
help us to prepare for tomorrow?
First, we are reminded
of the stabilizing effect
that hope can have on us.
Hope is compared to an anchor
that keeps a ship secure during a storm.
When we become anxious about what
we might have to endure tomorrow
(persecution, disaster, or health issues),
don’t we feel like we’re in a storm?
Without hope,
we might easily lose our balance.
Peter encourages us here
to see beyond the uncertainties
and focus on what is certain,
solid, and secure.
Our hope, our view of future blessings,
stabilizes us.
Did you notice that Peter
made a connection between
hope and undeserved kindness?
The hope that we have is a gift from Jehovah,
and Jesus’ resurrection
is the basis for our hope.
The more we reflect on this,
the stronger our gratitude and hope become.
This grateful attitude
influences our daily life.
How so?
For example, notice the mindset
Peter mentioned at 1 Peter 2:11:
“Beloved, I urge you as foreigners
and temporary residents
“to keep abstaining from fleshly desires,
which wage war against you.”
Our daily choices show that we do not belong
to this world or seek its protection.
We are residents of God’s Kingdom.
Peter reminds us to be different.
For instance,
we are different because of our view
of material things.
Materialism, a fleshly desire,
has affected people around us,
and many would sacrifice everything
for material things.
For example,
many people are overly concerned
about their financial future.
While it’s the course of wisdom
to do some planning,
excessive worry
about material needs later in life
may cause some
to put undue pressure on children
and other family members
to pursue a secular career.
This is common in some cultures,
and it can affect us if we’re not careful.
We might feel pressured to imitate others.
And this could even affect
our friendship with Jehovah
or what others in our family can do for him.
In the following interview,
notice how parents living in such a culture
chose to prepare for the future.
Hong Kong is an international city,
and it is known
for having high property prices.
I was a teacher,
and as a teacher,
I advised my students to study hard
and choose majors that could help them
find a job with a higher income
and a stable future.
Before I learned the truth,
I also hoped that our children
could have a better future
by getting a good job when they grew up.
That way,
they could also support us financially.
Being Christian parents in the truth,
we didn’t want them
to neglect their studies in school
but we also wanted them to know
about the Bible.
Therefore, we started studying the Bible
with them and took them to meetings
and helped them to preach to others.
Since they were young,
I emphasized the blessings from God
and that we should always give thanks to him.
So when one of my sons told me,
“Dad, I want to pioneer,” I was thrilled,
and I said, “You should do it!”
But when I heard that he wanted to pioneer
and work part-time,
I worried about how
that would affect our income.
However, we never had a problem.
I really saw how Jehovah blessed us.
The amount of money that we earned
was more than enough, and I felt cared for
and provided for by Jehovah.
When my eldest son told me
that he wanted to stop his current studies
and start learning a construction trade,
I was disappointed.
I thought that even students
who didn’t do well
could do that job and that that type of work
would be physically harder for him.
But he explained to us
that being a construction worker
would be useful now
and forever in the new world.
I eventually respected his decision.
We taught our children to put Jehovah first,
but when it came
to putting it into practice,
I needed to respect
the decision made by my son.
In order to make it possible
for our whole family to pioneer,
we needed to simplify our lives.
During family worship,
we discussed ways to reduce expenses
so that everyone in the family
was on the same page.
I noticed that we did not lack anything
and that the whole family
could all share the burden of our expenses.
Our children are now all grown up,
and they willingly serve Jehovah.
I am so grateful to Jehovah
because they have come
to love him with their whole heart.
We are all so happy!
I am thankful to Jehovah every time
I see the smiling faces of my family.
I have clearly felt
that Jehovah
always takes care of his servants.
Like it says at Matthew 6:33,
if we ‘keep seeking first God’s Kingdom
and his righteousness,’
Jehovah will take care of us.
And if our prayers
are according to God’s will
and we try our best,
he will undoubtedly bless our efforts.
Therefore, I have strong faith
and hope for our future ahead.
Being different can be challenging,
but wasn’t it encouraging
to see how this couple
resisted cultural expectations and pressure?
Instead, they agreed
with their children’s desire
to pursue goals in Jehovah’s service,
and they supported them.
Strengthening our friendship with Jehovah
is the best preparation for tomorrow.
And whether Jehovah ultimately uses children
to care for their parents
or provides help in another way,
Jehovah will stick to his promise
to care for us.
To be fully equipped for tomorrow,
we set our hope with gratitude on our God
—the God we trust.
In this discussion,
did you find that you are already
doing these things?
Likely so.
Therefore,
we do not have any reason
to be overly anxious or fearful
about future trials or other uncertainties.
We face the future with confidence
because we are fully equipped for tomorrow.
We are also fully equipped for the ministry.
We have the tools and training
we need to reach all kinds of people
—even those who are not religious.
How can we preach to people
like that more effectively?
We’ll learn in this episode
of “Iron Sharpens Iron.”
Hello!
I am Akihiro.
And this is “Iron Sharpens Iron.”
Have you ever been in the ministry
and just as you’re starting a conversation,
the individual stops you and says,
“I’m not religious”?
How did you react?
Did you freeze up, unsure of what to say?
I know it’s happened to me.
In this episode of “Iron Sharpens Iron,”
we’re going to discuss three tips
to help us reach the hearts
of nonreligious people.
But what comes to your mind
when you hear the word “nonreligious”?
You might assume this means
that the person doesn’t believe in God.
But the truth is that although the person
may not belong to an organized religion,
they might very well have a belief in God
or in a higher power.
So we don’t want to make assumptions.
Lesson 9 of our brochure
Love People—Make Disciples  says:
“Empathy moves us to care about people,
not just about our message.”
So let’s focus on letting the person
express themselves
and then empathizing with their situation.
Let’s talk about three tips we can use
to do that with nonreligious people:
(1) be positive,
(2) listen with understanding,
and (3) share information
that addresses their needs.
Now, let’s see how we can apply these tips.
You know, with so many crazy things
happening in the world right now,
a lot of people feel like world peace
is an impossible dream.
What’s your opinion?
If this is about religion,
I’m not interested.
Everyone is free to believe what he wants.
What is important
is not a bunch of rules and rituals
but believing in God from our hearts.
That’s my opinion.
I agree.
Believing in God from our heart
is very important.
If you don’t mind,
may I ask you why
you’re not interested in religion?
I used to belong to a religion,
and the hypocrisy I saw
just completely turned me off.
I’m so sorry you experienced that.
I can understand why you feel the way you do.
If religion cannot be of much help,
where do you turn to for reliable guidance
during these tough times?
Well, . . .
Did you see how well our sisters
put our first two tips into practice?
Our sisters maintained a positive spirit,
even after the householder told them
he wasn’t interested in religion.
This gave the householder
the opportunity to speak
and allowed our sisters
to apply our second tip:
listen with understanding.
They listened as the man expressed himself.
That allowed them to understand
where he was coming from
and then to respond empathetically
and keep the conversation going.
But what if you meet someone
who doesn’t believe in God at all?
Let’s take a look.
It’s a beautiful season, isn’t it?
I love the lavender
—so beautiful.
Oh, yeah, I love it too.
The color is lovely, isn’t it?
It is!
You know, to me,
flowers are like an amazing gift from God.
Have you ever wondered if there is a God?
A God?
Well, it would be nice if there were,
but I don’t believe in God.
You know, many feel the same way you do.
If you don’t mind me asking,
have you ever wondered
why some people do believe in God?
Honestly, I have,
but I haven’t found a reasonable answer.
Once again,
our sister maintained a positive spirit
and wasn’t put off by the woman stating
that she doesn’t believe in God.
Instead, she sought further understanding
by asking a simple yet genuine question,
Have you ever wondered
why some people do believe in God?
Did you see how the woman relaxed
when she realized that the sister
was actually interested in understanding her
and was willing to continue the conversation?
Now, if the person is willing to talk
and the opportunity arises,
we can apply our third tip:
share information that addresses their needs.
With our last householder,
what do we have in our library
of publications that we could share with her?
We could share one of the brochures
in our Teaching Toolbox
that addresses creation
or, if they are available in your language,
a video from the series Was It Designed?
or Viewpoints on the Origin of Life.
So let’s make it our goal to be more familiar
with all the tools Jehovah has given us.
Every year there are nonreligious people
who become Jehovah’s Witnesses.
So we have reason to be positive
when we speak to those
not interested in religion.
And as we listen with understanding
and when appropriate
share information that addresses their needs,
we will be doing our best
to reach the hearts of nonreligious people.
These tips have helped me in my ministry,
and “as iron sharpens iron,”
I hope they help you too.
Never underestimate
how the hearts of our neighbors
can be moved when we listen
to them with empathy
and show we really care.
Even those who seem unlikely
to listen to our message
can be touched by God’s Word
and the genuine love we show.
That’s exactly what happened
to a young man named Lucas Lakra.
Here is his story.
I was a bully.
I used to steal from others,
and I was very, very angry.
Inside, I had feelings of taking revenge.
I wanted revenge.
I spent my childhood
in a small city of India.
My family was very poor.
My parents both had the habit of drinking.
Often, they had fights at home.
My father would beat my mother with wood,
and sometimes he would beat us too.
So me and my siblings would run and hide
to the outside toilets,
and we would wait there until the shouting
and fighting would stop.
One day I saw my father; he was full drunk.
I was very small,
maybe six years old,
and I was playing near the house.
My uncle came to the house,
screaming at my father.
I ran to see what was happening,
but there was nothing I could do
when in front of my own eyes,
my father was murdered.
Later, I was taken away from my mother
to work as a servant.
They treated me terribly,
with punches and kicks.
They even strangled me once.
I missed my mother.
I felt so alone.
My mother was suffering from cancer.
I asked them many times
that I wanted to go and see my mother,
but they wouldn’t let me go.
I started crying;
I said, “I want to go home.”
But they said,
“Going now will be of no use
because your mother
has already been dead for four days.”
I cried a lot.
I could not see my mother one last time.
All of this made me feel so angry inside.
I was always fighting,
bullying, and stealing.
Eventually, I was thrown out of the house.
This time a relative took me in.
I noticed her daughter
would go somewhere every Sunday,
and this made me very curious.
So I asked her where she would go,
and she said: “To Bible meetings.”
Her daughter also told me
that a couple would come every Friday
to study the Bible with her.
She invited me to join her if I wanted,
so I decided to sit in on her study.
I was impressed
with the brothers studying with her.
They were so kind.
They cared a lot and showed love
that was not seen in churches.
On one occasion,
I found myself running again.
But this time,
I was running to the Kingdom Hall
to see my new family.
It was about ten kilometers away (6 mi).
But I had no money to go by vehicle,
so instead I went by foot.
But every step was worth it
because at the meeting,
I really felt Jehovah’s love
through the brothers and sisters.
As my study slowly progressed,
I began to realize
that I am not an orphan.
Jehovah is with me; he is my Father.
Eventually, I was able
to throw all my burdens
on my Father, Jehovah,
and I started to have peace of mind.
So I dedicated my life to Jehovah.
On December 26, 1998, I was baptized.
After my baptism,
I wanted to give Jehovah my best.
Today, me and my wife, Julian,
are so happy to be
in full-time service together.
And thanks to Jehovah,
we have enjoyed
a variety of assignments as a couple.
My past cannot be erased.
Neither can I stop these memories
from coming into my mind.
But Jehovah has completely changed my life.
I no longer feel anger
or the need for revenge anymore.
So there is no need to feel orphaned.
Give yourselves completely
to the hands of Jehovah.
He’s your Father.
He will take care of you.
“[He] will never leave you.”
Brother Lakra’s story
shows how learning the truth
really is life-changing.
Even feelings of intense anger and revenge
can give way to real peace of mind.
Like Lucas, all of us appreciate
the way Jehovah teaches us
to deal with difficulties in life
—including in our family life.
If you are married,
have you ever found yourself in a situation
where you and your mate
just don’t see things the same way?
If so, you’re not alone,
and you’ll appreciate the suggestions
in this episode of For a Happy Marriage.
You’ve found that special someone.
You can’t believe how compatible you are!
Yet, you soon discover that “compatible”
does not mean “identical.”
The Bible describes a husband and wife
as complements,
not competitors.
A complement completes
what another may lack.
This means your differences
can strengthen your marriage.
Still, with two imperfect people,
disagreements will happen,
but they don’t have to become arguments.
If the two of you don’t see a matter
in the same way
—for example, how to manage money—
what should you do?
Should you insist until you get your way?
say nothing at all?
There is a better way
to work through the occasional difference
before it becomes a conflict.
A Bible principle states:
“Let each one keep seeking,
“not his own advantage,
but that of the other person.”
You may need to set aside
your cherished point of view
and really try to see the value
of your mate’s perspective.
Remember,
seek his or her advantage, not your own.
Take each issue one at a time.
You may be able to resolve
most of your differences
and meet in the middle.
With practice,
you will learn to tackle your disagreements,
not each other.
This is a skill you will work at
for a lifetime,
since we all change as we age.
For example,
what if your viewpoints differ
on how to care for aging parents?
Start with your common ground.
In addition to the financial cost,
consider the cost to your time, health,
and relationship with each other
and with God.
Recognize the merits
of your spouse’s viewpoint.
And even if your differences cannot be solved
by a mutual compromise,
conceding and supporting
will be a win for your friendship.
You might also agree
to discuss the question again
at a later date
or if circumstances change.
Even if you don’t always agree,
you can still work as a team.
Different viewpoints broaden your horizons,
add color to your marriage,
and in the end,
draw you closer to one another.
Here are three questions to discuss
that can help you handle situations
in your marriage where viewpoints differ.
If it’s convenient,
pause this video now and really talk.
What practical advice
for handling difficulties in ways
that can make
your marriage stronger and happier!
Whether married or single,
we all encounter times
when someone we know is experiencing
serious illness or emotional distress.
Do you feel a deep desire
to provide them with relief and support?
In this Morning Worship program,
Brother Harold Corkern
highlights the importance
of consoling others.
Our text today highlights
the importance of consoling,
which basically conveys the idea to soothe,
encourage, uplift, fortify.
It also encourages us to “support the weak.”
And the basic meaning of that expression,
“support the weak,”
is “to hold fast” to, “cleave to,”
the person who’s needing assistance.
By doing that, we are certainly
imitating Jehovah, aren’t we?
At Psalm 34:18, it says:
“Jehovah is close to the brokenhearted.
“[He’s right there.]
He saves those who are crushed in spirit.”
He lifts up those who are depressed.
Well, what can help us
to imitate Jehovah to the best of our ability
in consoling, supporting,
and doing all of that with patience?
Well, one thing that will certainly help
is the relationship between
the one giving the assistance
and the one receiving it.
If there’s friendship there,
it makes a big difference
because the one receiving
the help feels comfortable.
They may have something
very embarrassing or sensitive to talk about.
And doing so with a true,
trusted friend makes it a lot easier.
And if the one rendering
the assistance is a friend,
then it doesn’t come across
like he’s interrogating
or he’s investigating something,
but rather,
he’s showing genuine interest.
Well, building up an understanding
of the background of each other
certainly helps, doesn’t it?
That’s what friends do.
We understand a lot about that person,
don’t we?
For example,
what could build up
our desire to be consoling,
to be supportive,
and to do it with patience?
The background.
Here are just a few examples
of background that can motivate us
to do just what our text says today.
Here they are.
Did they grow up in a dysfunctional family?
Was one of their parents an alcoholic?
Did the mother or father
abandon them when they were young?
Did a beloved family member
turn against the truth,
and is he now a bitter opposer?
There could be many other reasons.
But such background
gives us not only the desire to help
but the willingness
and the ability to do it in a way
that will be most helpful.
Now, one thing we have to keep in mind
about the variety of things
that require assistance
is based on something
that’s said at Romans 8:22.
And we invite you to open your Bibles there
—Romans 8:22.
And this will help us to appreciate
that regardless of the problem,
there is a common reason for it.
At Romans 8:22,
Paul is talking about the bad effects
that have come from Adam’s sin.
And here’s what he says:
“For we know that all creation
“keeps on groaning together
and being in pain together until now.”
That pain and groaning
as descendants of Adam
can manifest itself in physical ailments
—like heart trouble, diabetes,
cancer, or others—
but it’s not limited to physical ailments.
Emotional and mental issues also arise
because of being descendants of Adam.
And so just as we’d never look down on
or condemn someone
who had a physical ailment,
we would never want to do that
with someone who’s going through
an emotional issue,
such as depression
or another mental illness.
And one of the things
that we’d want to do for those,
regardless of what their needs may be,
is to use the Scriptures
and to be a good shepherd.
And sisters can help other sisters.
Friends can help friends.
Elders, of course, have that responsibility
to help everyone too.
But, now, there’s something that we need
to keep in mind when we’re trying to help.
And it’s recorded for us at Proverbs 12:18.
And we invite you to turn there
—Proverbs 12:18.
We want to help;
we want to console.
We do not want to hurt.
Proverbs 12:18 says:
“Thoughtless speech
is like the stabs of a sword,
but the tongue of the wise is a healing.”
So our desire is to console,
to support, to uplift, to cheer up
—not to make the matter worse.
So thoughtful speech is a key.
Now, just to illustrate how much pain
can be caused if that’s not done,
notice the expressions
of one of our Christian sisters
who went through a period of depression.
She said this:
“One lesson I’ll never forget,
“I learned empathy.
“Before,
I used to think that all you had to do
“was to pump yourself up and get going,
“so I never had much fellow feeling
for others who were sick.
“Now I know.
“When some of the friends told me
to ‘snap out of it,’
“there wasn’t anything
that I wanted to do more,
“but at that point I had no control.
Their comments really hurt.”
Well, how sad!
In an effort to help,
we unintentionally can inflict more pain
by thoughtless speech.
What can help us
to prevent thoughtless speech?
Well, we can consider these questions
based on Bible principles:
Is what I’m about to say true,
kind, necessary?
How would I feel if someone said that to me?
Will it show respect?
Is this the right setting
to even bring it up at all?
Thinking before we speak
can do a lot to do healing
rather than to inflict more pain.
And in this connection,
in helping depressed ones,
patience is required.
Perhaps you’ve experienced this:
Someone who’s depressed
may pour out their feelings
with great feeling and intensity.
We listen.
We offer encouragement.
And then a short time later,
they’re back with the same intense feelings
and concerns
—as if they had never been discussed before.
Patience is required to keep consoling
and to keep supporting.
In doing so, we would imitate Jehovah.
At Lamentations 3:22, 23,
the Bible says about Jehovah:
“It is because of Jehovah’s loyal love
“that we have not come to our finish,
“for his mercies never end.
“They are new each morning;
your faithfulness is abundant.”
Jehovah gives us help every day.
And though it’s not easy,
we want to be just as patient
and just as consoling
and just as helpful as Jehovah.
Well, after listening
and offering thoughtful Scriptural advice
(the Scriptures are powerful),
sometimes something more than that
is needed for someone who’s depressed.
Why do we say that?
At Luke 5:31, Jesus said this:
“Those who are healthy
do not need a physician,
but those who are ill do.”
Depression may not be
because of some temporary disappointment
or a temporary feeling of being low
or discouragement.
It might be more clinical.
It might have been inherited
as part of a family trait or weakness.
And scriptures alone,
although very valuable,
will not be all the help they need.
In some cases,
seeking medical attention
is the course of wisdom
—and perhaps in some cases even medication.
Well, if a person is in that situation,
what should they do?
They’ve been helped,
but they’re still needing more help.
Well, with humility and modesty,
recognizing their limitations,
they will seek the help they need
—not only spiritually but medically.
Well, there’s one thing about it:
Living in these last days,
all of us are going to go
through periods of time
where we need encouragement.
In fact, we may be encouraging
somebody today,
and next week, we need it.
That’s why the apostle Paul
at 1 Thessalonians 5:11 said:
“Keep encouraging one another
“and building one another up,
just as you are in fact doing.”
And if we do that,
then we can help each other
endure through these last days
to the point where,
as foretold by Isaiah:
“No [one] will say: ‘I am sick’”
—either spiritually, mentally,
emotionally, or physically.
So in line with today’s text,
let us keep up with what we’re doing
—“speak consolingly to those
who are depressed,
support the weak,
be patient toward all.”
What a blessing it is
to have spiritual brothers and sisters
to ‘keep encouraging and building
one another up’ during these last days!
This month’s music video,
titled Every Minute,
is about just that.
Our life
is like a mist that appears;
In a moment of time,
it’s gone.
And our love
is like the warm summer sun;
Let it shine on the ones we love
while there’s time.
I could take it all for granted,
let time just slip away,
And forget to love
the ones I love right now.
I could put off till tomorrow
what I can do today,
But I never want regrets
to bring me down.
So I’m counting ev’ry minute
and making ev’ry minute count.
When I see
so much beauty around,
All the love
that Jehovah has shown,
Then I know
that I want to give to him
Ev’ry hour, ev’ry minute of life
that I own.
I could take it all for granted,
let time just slip away,
And forget to show
my love for him right now.
I could put off till tomorrow
what I can do today,
But I never want regrets
to bring me down.
So I’m counting ev’ry minute
and making ev’ry minute count.
Right ahead
is a beautiful new world
That Jehovah wants to share.
And our time
is a gift that we can give.
So until that day is here,
I won’t take it all for granted
or let time slip away
Or forget to love
the ones I love right now.
I won’t put off till tomorrow
all that I can do today,
’Cause I never want regrets
to bring me down.
That’s why I’m counting ev’ry minute
and making ev’ry minute count.
In this program,
we’ve learned about many of the things
we can do to prepare our spiritual go bag.
This will help us
to be fully equipped for the future.
We can preach zealously
to people of all sorts,
cultivate qualities
that bring peace to our family life,
and build our trust in Jehovah
by reflecting on the blessings he’s given us.
One of those blessings
is our worldwide brotherhood.
Every month,
we get to meet another part
of that brotherhood
through our video postcard.
And this month,
we’re going to the western edge of Europe
—to the Azores archipelago.
The Azores
are a chain of nine volcanic islands
about 1,600 kilometers,
or 1,000 miles, west of Portugal.
Here vineyards and plantations meet
steep emerald peaks,
crater lakes, and hot springs.
Steam and volcanic gases escape
from the earth
through vents called fumaroles.
On the island of São Miguel,
this brother prepares
a local dish in a fumarole,
letting it cook for up to seven hours.
Thanks to their subtropical climate,
the Azores produce
an abundance of pineapples,
oranges, bananas, and tea.
Our brothers enjoy
making beautiful crafts from local resources,
such as fish scales.
And they enjoy preparing regional foods
like these bolo lêvedo  cakes,
which can be found at any meal.
The first seeds of truth
were planted here in the early 20th century
by Azoreans who learned the truth
in the United States
and shared what they learned
with relatives and friends back home.
Despite decades of Church-led opposition,
publishers have always found sheeplike ones.
Today, there are more than 800 publishers
in 15 congregations in the Azores.
Our brothers conduct
more than 500 Bible studies.
Memorial attendance was more than twice
the number of Witnesses here.
The good news is preached in both Portuguese
and Portuguese Sign Language.
This is
the Santa Cruz das Flores Congregation.
It has 17 publishers.
Their territory includes
the islands of Flores and Corvo.
From the Azores,
our brothers and sisters
in the Santa Cruz das Flores Congregation
send you their warm love and greetings.
And we send our love to all of you as well.
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting.